LiveMongo
=========

  LiveMongo is a client-server javascript library which implements the MongoDB
api on on the client and server.  It differs from the MongoDB api in that it
also adds EventEmitter functionality to collections and documents.  This
project is extracted out of the [LiveDocument](http://github.com/xcoderzach/LiveDocument)
project.  And is what that project will be built on top of.

API
===

  The API is based mostly off of [the MongoDB shell](http://www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS/dbshell+Reference)
However there are differences from the default mongo API, mostly for usability
and also for making real-time possible.

##DB

###collection
###DB.collection(collectionName)

  Returns a collection object, which is used to do all of the interesting operations
on a collection.

###insert 
####Collection.insert(document[, finished])

  Insert a document into the collection.  Unlike the mongo shell method,
this returns the ObjectId generated by LiveMongo.  If an \_id was put in
the document it will return that.  LiveMongo will generate an ObjectId if
no \_id field is present in `document`.

```javascript
var posts = db.collection("posts")

var id = posts.insert({ name: "herp Derp" })
```

###find
####Collection.find(query[, finished])

  The find method finds all documents that match `query`.  The method returns a
`Cursor` containing any documents in the cache which are returned instantly.
The `finished` callback will be called when remote documents have been loaded.

  See the `Cursor` methods to see other ways of getting notification changes,
other than the finished callback.

##ObjectId

  ObjectIds are generated on the client immediately after a document is
inserted.  In the future ObjectIds will be partially generated on the server
and partially on the client.  This will allow for server-side valiation of
ObjectIds.

###ObjectId
####ObjectId(id)

  The ObjectId constructor takes in a string, currently only hex strings are
supported. If no id is provided one is generated randomly.


###toString
####ObjectId.toString()

  Returns the hex value of an ObjectId
